Simplify and Clarify configs Spreadsheet Documentation (#247)
commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront: src/content/docs/setup/configuration/commerce-configuration.mdx

import Task from '@components/Task.astro';
import Vocabulary from '@components/Vocabulary.astro';

In this section, you'll learn how Commerce blocks in your storefront connect to a Commerce backend using values from the `configs` spreadsheet in the root of your SharePoint content directory.

In the [Create your storefront tutorial](/get-started/), the sample content archive provided you a `configs` spreadsheet file in the root folder. This file contains the environment values for your Commerce backend including GraphQl endpoints and headers.

When implementing your own project, you must update the configuration values with:

> - The Catalog Service header values specific to your Adobe Commerce backend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The header values specific to your Adobe Commerce Catalog Services environment.
```

    ['#', 'Key', 'Value'],
    ['1', 'commerce-endpoint', 'https://catalog-service.adobe.io/graphql'],
    ['2', 'commerce-core-endpoint', 'https://mystorefront.com/graphql'],
    ['4', 'commerce.headers.cs.Magento-Environment-Id', '7cb935fd-d3bc-487b-9a2f-e5965c30f2a1'],
    ['5', 'commerce.headers.cs.Magento-Website-Code', 'base'],
    ['6', 'commerce.headers.cs.Magento-Store-Code', 'main_website_store'],
    ['7', 'commerce.headers.cs.Magento-Store-View-Code', 'default'],
    ['8', 'commerce.headers.cs.Magento-Customer-group', 'd0b8ea36fca097dc92c02b1d104e6f41099184cb'],
    ['9', 'commerce.headers.cs.x-api-key', 'a6b4e2f69a4a4267a8f423c8caaf6a47'],

>     ['3', 'commerce-root-category-id', '2'],

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ['9', 'commerce.headers.cs.x-api-key', 'a6b4e2f69a4a4267a8f423c8caaf6a47']
```

    ['#', 'Key', 'Value'],
    ['1', 'commerce-endpoint', 'https://catalog-service.adobe.io/graphql'],
    ['2', 'commerce-core-endpoint', 'https://mystorefront.com/graphql'],

>     ['3', 'commerce-root-category-id', '2'],

Reviewer: I thought this remains for now?

Author: It's so out of place but sure. I put it back.

Author: per I talk. I removed it again.
